Readme modifications (#101)
vmware/precaution: README.md

## License

BSD-2 License

## Do you have any other question? 

> If you have any other question which was not answered in the docs or in the README, please let us know in our slack channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have any other question which was not answered in the docs or in the README, please let us know in the #precaution channel on [Slack](https://code.vmware.com/web/code/join).
```
